# ISC4U - My Portfolio
My computer science journey from this semester detailing what I've completed and what I've learned.

Website: https://floppawdachoppa.github.io/

# Coding Interview

## How will you continue learning about computer science?
As technology advances and improves, computer science becomes increasingly more prevalentin our lives. It already surrounds us, in our cars, our phones, our applicances, our schools and our workplace. With the rapid emergence and development of new technology, learning about computer science gives me beneficial skills and can help me find employment in software, hardware, consumer electronics, robotics and other growing technology-related industries more easily.

I can continue learning about computer science by using the online resources I have been working with throughout this course such as Khan Academy and Codecademy. 
Alternatively, I can seek out other online educational options to further expand my knowledge and understanding of computer science. Additionally, I will be able to take post secondary computer science courses, workshops, and other learning opportunities to build on my current knowledge. As technology advances and our lives become more immersed and connected with it, it is increasingly important to learn about computer science because this knowledge will prove to be a useful tool in the future and become a siginifant part of our lives. 

## Summarize your experience with Khan Academy.
Khan Academy is the leading online learning resource used and trusted by US teachers and students. Khan academy is a well known and has a reputation for being an effective learning resource across a multitude of subjects, more than any other core curriculum online learning resource. Khan Academy offers practice exercises, instructional videos, and a personalized learning dashboard that empower learners to study at their own pace in and sperately from class time but further reinforcing knowledge from lessons learned in the classroom.

My experience with khan academy was a satisfactory experience overall, however I do have some complaints and criticisms. On one hand I enjoyed Khan Academy's learning structure complete with practice exercises, instructional videos, and even a personalized learning dashboard for students to easily navigate, keep track of progress and set goals. However, I personally found it very hard to keep my momentum when I was working with Khan Academy as it lacked a lot of engagement and did not really have any means of encouraging or motivating students to keep working. It felt like my learning was just a checklist. I did not enjoy using it as a learning tool as it lacks the capability to keep students interested with their instructional format of reading articles then straight onto application whilst expanding of the items your just read and learned about. It is frustrating and not a very effective learning procedure. However, it does get the job done and taught me all the basic fundamentals concepts and applications of Javascript in computer science.

## What does it mean to have good programming practices?
How you write code is a large part of your programming capabilities throughout your career or computer science pursued education. Developing a coding style that’s mindful of these best practices will make it easier to debug, refactor and scale the code in the future. It’s important to employ good programming practices early on to help ensure you develop good habits and consistently program with better quality code for yourself and for anyone who may have to extend that code in the future.

Having good programming practices means being mindful of your code and it's structure. This entails the efficiency and organization of your code in terms of readability for your peers and/or teachers as well as the execution of your code. It is crucial to have well written, organized and efficient code such that it is easy to read so that you can easily identify errors and for yourself and others to understand your code. Well written, organized and efficient code is also important in the sense that your code is properly structured so that it is easy to refactor and improve. In my experience, my programming practice can use work on very simple mistakes like mal-nesting, documentation and indentation; small, nit-picky things but they add up and when you are coding, especially if your mind is unorganized and scattered as your code will reflect that and it can get messy really quick. 
